You ask and you shall receive. A lot of
you guys wanted to get some indepth
details on the case studies of the over
40 different people that we've currently
helped hit milliondoll months. And in
this video, that's no different. We're
going to be talking about one of my
favorite case studies. Turning $300,000
a month into $2.5 million a month. Took
about eight months to get there. At
first, it was an incredible deal about
what to do and eventually it
unfortunately devolved into what not to
do. So during the first half of this,
I'll explain the funnels, the
advertising strategies, some offer
details about what got us there in the
first place. I was never able to crack
$3 million a month on this deal. That
was a big letdown for me on this
account. And then, as I mentioned, in a
very antilimactic way, it just devolves
to the point where it eventually
collapses all the way down to like 500K,
600K a month. All the key players quit.
So, it is a it's a hell of a story. And
uh we're going to go through all the
details here. Of course, per usual, we
won't mention any client names or
anything like that. that way you guys
can get more information about it and
actually learn. So anyway, without
further ado, welcome into the video. My
name is Jeremy Haynes. If you're new
here, all we talk about on this channel
is hitting million-doll months. We don't
like to do it one time. We like to do it
many times over. There is in no way,
shape, or form income claims in this
video implying that you are ever going
to hit a million a month. The
statistical probability to even get to
$10 million a year, which is just shy of
a million dollars a month, is 0.1%
according to the US Bureau of Labor
Statistics. So again, no implied claims
here. We're just simply reflecting on
the lessons of these different deals
together. And maybe you pull something
away from it that can help your business
improve. If you're already a subscriber,
welcome back. It's always a pleasure to
have you. Let's dive in. So I get this
account back. It was uh 2019 2018 time
frame and I did one of my classic video
pitches to this specific client. I
actually printed off a uh photo of the
guy and held it up and like did my video
pitch that way to get his attention and
this was before AI and all this other
crazy [__] was going on today. So, you
know, it was a custom video and you
could tell that right away. This guy in
particular at the time was doing about
300k a month. He was in the info space
and he was inside of a vertical that I
love. If you guys have watched this
channel before in any of my videos, you
guys know that I'm a fan of massive
niches where the customers, especially
in market customers at that already have
opinions and beliefs and ideas about
what it is that you're going to sell
them. It becomes far easier to sell
people when the niche is massive and
there's already a large quantity of
people that have thoughts about what it
is that you're selling. Makes it far
easier. Uh some examples of this just to
be clear, stocks, real estate, sales,
these are all common industries and
niches that come to me off the top of my
head that uh I I would use as examples
for that. Okay, they're huge, massive,
large quantities of people on Earth
participate inside of those industries
and niches. And as a result of that,
there's a large quantity of inmarket
demographics, an even larger quantity of
the needs convince demographics. It's
just awesome participating in those
because there is so much scale
potential. So anyway, we pitch a client
inside of one of those three spaces and
uh we land them. Initially, it was a
consulting deal. It was a very simple
consulting deal at that. They already
had an in-house advertiser at the time
and uh we were initially instructed to
just come in and help the guy out, teach
him some advertising strategies and
lessons and try to make the business
some more money. Well, we ended up
getting the business from 300K a month
to 600K a month. Within about 2 weeks,
we came in and there was all kinds of
[__] that can immediately be done to
make a whole lot more money. just pretty
basic best practices that we religiously
follow. And uh again, they had immediate
impact. So much impact that the client
calls me up and says, "Hey, we're we're
going to have you work alongside of this
advertiser now and like we'd we'd rather
you do a transition deal." And this is
one of my favorite things a client ever
told me. He goes, "How much is your
highest client paying you right now?"
And at the time I was doing this
transition into revshare relationships.
My my goal and my outcome was to get
100K a month per deal. So I share that
with the client. I also was pretty
transparent about relatively what other
people were paying us. We do a fee plus
a rev share in a marketing agency model
that we run when we do hands-on deals.
So, we articulate our pricing model to
the guy and he goes, "Instead of paying
us 10K and a and a 10% net rev share,"
he goes, "I'm going to pay you 25K a
month and the 10% net rev share uh on
this deal. I want you to pay the most
attention to me. Okay? I want you to
prioritize me and our relationship
together. Okay? If you agree to that,
I'll agree to those deal terms." And I
was like, "Hell [__] yeah, dude. I'm
about the action." So, we get into this
deal, we transition within two weeks
from consulting to a hands-on
relationship, and we start the process
of getting in the trenches. And uh boy,
was this so fun. Let me explain how this
um advertising strategy worked because
it was one of the simplest approaches
that I've ever seen. And sometimes on
this channel, I openly disclose to you
guys like there's two different ways to
to really scale up. There's the chunk
method and then there's just this go
allin on one funnel method. And a lot of
the times, especially nowadays, you're
seeing the chunk method generally is
what gets people to million dollar
months. An example of that would be like
they have a webinar and a call funnel
and DM strategies and maybe like two
versions of offers that they market
those same strategies through or maybe
they do like low ticket to high ticket
or lead form strategies, whatever. They
just have like a mix of a bunch of [__]
and generally that one of those things
is dominant but again all the other
things contribute and chip away at the
revenue too. In this specific deal, this
was the go allin on one specific
strategy. Okay, so here we go. Uh for
starters, we had some direct response
ads and those direct response ads were
all optimized towards a free book. Okay,
so this was kind of crazy. Every single
one of these ads was essentially saying
like get my book and the book was free.
It was completely digital. So there was
no like, you know, free plus shipping
model of it to help liquidate some of
that ad spend. This was just essentially
like an opt-in funnel. And this specific
page that we drove that traffic to would
get leads for really cheap. Um anywhere
from about $2 to $7 give or take the
market from here. And this is actually
what made it really interesting. We had
two things occur. Okay. And those two
different things were an email sequence
and then some retargeting ads. The email
sequence was about 10 no I'm sorry. It
was a 12-day email sequence. And for the
remarketing ads that we ran, both of
these had the same outcome. And both of
those outcomes were to ideally get
people to go to a webinar. Okay? And
that webinar was not live. We we at some
points would do it live, but the parts
where we made the most money and
sustained over 2 million a month for for
almost uh I want to say it was just shy
two years that we sustained over 2
million a month, we had an automated
webinar and we did the thing where like
we make it look live. And this whole
process, okay, from the direct response
ads pushing to the book, the book then
had two different outcomes, okay? Again,
retargeting ads telling people to go to
the webinar. And we would only, as
retargeting would imply, market to go to
the webinar to the people that would get
the free book. And the 12-day email
sequence, this was like the craziest
part of this whole thing. Okay?
70% of the revenue from this deal came
from this [__] 12-day email sequence.
And the craziest part was between
between days 10 and 12, that was where
the money was printing because th that
specifically was the time frame between
days 10 and 12 that we would start
funneling people to the webinar. The
other 30% of the revenue came from the
remarketing ads telling people to go to
the webinar. It's very important to note
and this is not this is a
non-exaggeration. Literally 100% of the
revenue came from the webinar. Okay,
just the breakdown of where it
technically originated from. Again,
that's where that 7030 split comes from.
And then even more of a technicality for
you just to pepper it in. Everything
technically originated from two
different places. Paid advertising and
organic. 95 plus% of which was from
paid. 5% of which was organic. There
wasn't a huge organic presence at the
time. When we first got into the deal,
however, through time that ratio
changed. That 95% of paid advertising
went down to probably in the 60s, maybe
even lower than that into the 50s. This
guy became huge. Like I mean massive.
And I'll talk about that here in a bit.
But let me first just explain this flow
so you understand it. Okay, this
demographic, this was not selling to
rich people. This was selling to the
general public. So, if you've watched
any of my videos on my channel, I have
one in particular where I go through
webinars and just some of the modern
webinar best practices that are working.
Cuz if you take this like what I'm
talking about right now, and you didn't
adapt it successfully to what's
currently working today for webinars,
you're going to have a bad time. So
anyway, I have a whole video on my
channel dedicated just to webinars, both
selling to the general public and
affluent audiences. I'd encourage you go
watch that after you check this video
out. But this specific webinar, this one
was to the general public. Okay? And
boy, did we know how to sell to the
general public. Um, this was a 2.5K
offer. Okay? So 2500 USD and we had a
payment plan as well. I honestly I don't
remember what the payment plan was. I
remember that it was three payments and
I know it came out to a little bit more
than $2,500, but this was several years
ago at this point. I'm not going to make
it up for you guys. I like to be as
honest as I can possibly be. So anyway,
we did have a payment plan. And again, I
don't recall off the top of my head what
the ratio was between the transactions
that were PIFFs versus the transactions
that were payment plans. All I know is
is that a majority by far, I think it
was in the 80s, but again, don't quote
me on that. Could have been different.
Um we're were piffing. Okay? And then we
had a minority that were doing payment
plan. Now, here's the craziest part. We
would essentially front cash for about
two weeks cuz like I said, a majority of
the revenue, 70% of it came from that
email sequence. Okay? between days 10
and 12 and then again 30% of it would
come from the webinar uh remarketing app
but again all of it would come from this
webinar that we would attribute it to.
So we ran this thing up and this this is
one of the craziest things. Okay, it got
scary. I will say that it did get scary.
I don't necessarily recommend doing
this. Okay, but it did work really well
and I do recommend one piece of this
which is gassing the [__] out of what's
currently working. That is an absolute
best practice that I will hand down to
you and make sure you understand. When
you get ROI positive, you simply have to
press the gas. Most of you are [__]
when it comes to scaling and that's why
you haven't scaled. You have something
that's gotten profitable, but you
haven't actually just pressed the gas
and scaled the [__] out of it after it's
gotten profitable. You know, you'll
experience like rorowaz fluctuations and
that'll force you to pull your spend
back instead of just realizing like
rorowaz isn't a static number. Okay,
rorowaz is a dynamic number that will
fluctuate a little bit as you continue
to climb the ladder of scale. So yeah,
you might be at like a 10 to one rorowaz
and all of a sudden you're at a 3:1 and
you work your way back up to like a 7
to1, but you still scale the entire time
and make more money as you continue to
grow the business. That's what we did
here. That was the one thing that I
noticed when I first came in that
created that $300,000 difference in two
weeks when I was in my consulting role
in this case. I just noticed they were
already profitable and that the current
advertiser wasn't gassing it. Okay, so
we started implementing a bunch of
tactics to just press this thing up.
Okay, so anyway, when I come in and I
officially take over the account, I'm
not doing too much different. It's
important to note like due to the model
here, we were able to immediately
advertise to cold audiences. But because
of the size of the niche that we were
in, there was such a big inmarket
demographic whether they were cold or
not, there were a bunch of people that
needed this. Okay? Now, I can't give too
many details away about it because
again, you'll likely be able to know who
it is in the instance that I give too
many details. And I don't want that to
be the case. That way, I can ensure I
can give you like as much, you know,
detailed information on this case study
as I can. I will say this, okay? At this
particular time, a big thing that
currently most sales people lean towards
doing nowadays was not common back then.
Okay? And this specific guy came in and
aggressively taught about that strategy
and how to go about doing sales a little
differently in comparison to how people
historically had done it. Okay? And it
was extremely wellreceived and he taught
it extremely well and he would get
people such phenomenal results and
that's why this thing was able to just
perpetuate. It was just a perpetual
money machine. Okay? And I was able to
test it with cold audiences, warm
audiences. And as time went on, like I
said, the guy had a real organic
presence that started to grow. And that
was both because we were spending a
fuckload of money and because the
organic stuff through time just picks
up. So anyway, we're testing a ton of
different audiences. We get to the
point, all right, where we're cracking
like $2.5 million months. You know, it
would it would flux a little bit to be
fair. It would go like maybe 2.1 to 2.5,
give or take the particular months. Most
months would be around 2.5 once we got
there. We didn't really go up or go down
after that time frame. And that was what
was kind of crazy. So anyway, this
client started to deeply believe, like
deeply believe that an info product only
has life for maybe a year or so. And I
completely disagreed with that. And I
had so much data to present, not just
like random data from out in the wild,
like literal data from client accounts
that demonstrated that was so untrue.
But unfortunately, this belief, like
beliefs cause wars, okay, beliefs drive
almost all human behavior. And this
specific client, they were so attached
to that singular belief. And you know
obviously that led the client to create
some other product which unfortunately
led to some diversified attention which
I I do believe in part kind of limited
the revenue of the business. If we would
have kept all of our attention
collectively on the main offer that was
working really well and honestly just
ideated some other funnel variation. I
think we would have had a really good
time instead. One of the issues that
kind of presented itself was we just
collectively didn't didn't necessarily
prioritize like all right let's try to
do like low ticket to high ticket. Let's
try to just market the webinar on the
front end. Let's do call funnels. Let's
do like, you know, there's all kinds of
ideas that we could have executed on
simply that we just did it, you know,
and it wasn't because the ideas weren't
being presented. It was because the
ideas just were not getting taken action
on. You know, nobody was actually doing
anything with the ideas when they were
being presented. So, they just
ultimately died. We had in this
particular team 12 initially 12 very,
very great people a part of the staff. I
would consider every single one of them
an A player. These are the kind of staff
that you just get to brag about, you
know, like you get to talk about the
fact you got to work with people like
this. Um, it's one of those things that
like as somebody who loves work and
loves making money and like just likes
to contribute to the world through that,
these are the kind of people that like
you look back in hindsight on and you're
like, man, that was a special operation
right there. You know, that was a
special unit of people. And I was uh
very grateful for the opportunity to be
able to work in such a team. And amongst
those types of people, everybody was an
A player. Everybody had so many
responsibilities due to the fact
everybody was an A player. You didn't
have to have a large team even at that
level of revenue. Everybody was doing so
well at what they were were responsible
for doing as I mentioned. So this belief
of okay, we need to come out with
something new, you know, we need to have
another course. We need to have another
info product. This is where I think
things started to kind of devolve a
little bit. And and unfortunately the
deal transitioned from like let's grow
this thing just by iterating on other
funnels for this offer to let's try to
replicate this but with a different
offer instead. The second offer that
comes out just [__] just shits the
bed, dude. It was terrible. Not
wellreceived at all. so few people
bought it and it just didn't make sense.
It didn't align at all to what the
personal brand was like talking about
and what they were known for, you know,
it was essentially just so so random,
you know, of what the product was. It
just didn't make any sense to come out
with. But, you know, we probably rode
that thing out for a couple months and
thankfully this main offer was still
absolutely printing money. You know, it
just never stopped. and just
continuously 2 million 2.5 million every
single month. You know, we didn't lower
the ad dollars on this. This got to the
point where we were spending upwards of
like $700,000 a month on ads because we
had to transition from inmarket to needs
convinced. At one point at the very end
when we were spending that amount of
money, we even got to the point where we
were in mass market, which I developed
entire strategies for, like my harvester
strategy. today. I would definitely use
my tornado ad strategy and strategies
like my hammer them campaigns for this
type of account where I talk about those
things in depth in programs like my
inner circle offer. I also talk about
them in depth in my master internet
marketing offer. The inner circle is for
rich people trying to get a hell of a
lot richer. If you're already at at
least 100k a month, we have guys that
come in there that are already at a
million dollars a month. You're trying
to get a lot richer if you come into the
inner circle program. To be clear,
again, there's no income claim
associated with it, but as a person, as
a business, your goal is obviously
excessive growth. If you come into that
type of offer, especially given the
pricing of it, it's not expensive, but
it is costly. You will pay enough to pay
the right amount of attention to it. We
work with busy, rich people for a
living. We make it extremely efficient
to be able to consume all of the
necessary information, make it
actionable so you can turn around and
get results with it. inside of all our
programs to be clear, but especially in
that inner circle offer. We do twice a
month one-on-one calls. You can book
them. You don't have to. Up to you. 30
minutes each. Direct, punctual, to the
point. You and I are going to be able to
get on those calls and just talk money
immediately. Okay. We also do weekly
group calls inside of that program. We
typically cover about an hour, sometimes
up to two hours on a weekly basis.
Saturdays at 11 a.m. Eastern Standard
Time. They're obviously all recorded. We
have a giant library full of them. We
have our masterminds. We actually got
one coming up here pretty soon. We do
them every quarter. Um, we do those here
in person in Miami, Florida, and those
are all recorded as well. You're always
welcome to uh go consume all of the
historical ones. And if you can't make
it in person, that's why we do four
times a year. We also stream them live
for those that want to tap in remote. In
addition to all of that, have a really
active group on Telegram where we have
all the rich people that are trying to
get a hell of a lot richer all in one
place. Extremely active community.
Everybody sharing insights on what's
working, asking questions. Um, you
you'll be surprised. We don't need you
to pay us to then come in and teach, but
you'll have a natural inclination to
come in and want to share because you'll
get so much value from everybody else.
It's kind of like a real give and take
situation there. Again, that offer is
absolutely stacked and we also include
AI Jeremy in it. Now, you could do
unlimited Zoom calls, voice calls, you
also have the ability to have unlimited
messages with it and it's trained on a
decade of my career of documented
material. Uh it's incredible. We also
have again the master internet marketing
group which is seven weeks of classes.
Each class is about three to four hours
in length. Some of them are even five
hours long. There's dozens of homework
library videos in between. We also give
you AI Jeremy in there. You do not get
unlimited voice and video minutes. Um,
you do pay an extremely low cost. It's
like literally pennies to get per minute
voice and video access inside of the
master internet marketing group. And
that's because it's a onetime price. The
inner circle members pay monthly or
annually. Master Internet Marketing, you
just pay one time for lifetime access of
the product. In addition to all of that,
you obviously get access to an
incredible community, also extremely
active there. Both of the links for
those are in the description of this
video. I'd encourage that you check them
out. Okay, back to my point. Okay,
inside of this offer, these people,
okay, when we started scaling up
aggressively and all of a sudden we're
ideulating on different offer types, we
got really off track with that. Okay, it
ultimately led to the demise and like
the erosion of everybody in this team,
the staff of these 12 people, these
absolute all-star A players. it started
to erode like the morale a little bit
when they couldn't get ideas off
anymore. So, as I mentioned at the
beginning of this video, this deal
eventually devolved to the point where
it became a lesson of what not to do.
Okay? Everything just eventually
collapsed, but it kept sustaining
itself. I get to the point where I'm
spending 700k a month and I'm doing all
these different ad strategies and we
could not get this guy to listen to us
anymore. And not only could we not get
him to listen, he went out with all this
cash he had accumulated and he bought
like 40 different businesses. And the
businesses were so random. It's not like
the businesses even made sense to buy.
You might look at it like, hey, there's
a diversification logic to that where,
you know, you're making all your money
in one business and it makes sense to
just go and buy a few more. But here's
why it didn't make sense. Okay, it's
different if you go buy like a ton of
real estate to depreciate your taxes.
It's different if you go buy like a ton
of equities or like even if you just buy
interest in businesses. But no, this guy
went out and bought the businesses fully
and had to take them over and like run
the operations. And there got to a point
where like he just was really
self-convinced that that he was the main
driver of the business's growth. And I'm
no way, shape, or form trying to sound
egotistical when I say this. Like I'm
not sitting here saying like, "Oh, dude,
I'm the reason they made all the money."
No, it was it was a large collective
effort amongst every single member in
this team and obviously the business
owner, but no one individually drove all
of the result. Again, it was a big
collective effort, but the business
owner didn't look at it that way. The
business owner kind of like devolved to
this perspective of thinking like he was
the one who drove all of the result and
obviously he looked at himself as kind
of like a like a master of business to a
degree. And so when he goes and buys all
these other businesses, he then has to
employ over 200 staff at once. Like it
was one of the craziest things I've ever
witnessed in a business we've worked in.
And I've seen some crazy [__] over the
years. Okay. Some things that just make
you scratch your head and go, "What the
[__] are we doing?" Okay. Actually, me
me and the uh me and the guy behind the
camera here were actually laughing about
that literally earlier today on a deal
that's at 1.6 million a month. And you
know, they got to the size where they've
just, you know, hired too many people
and like there's so many communication
cycles open and like there's more
communication happening than work and
like when the work does get done, it it
doesn't get executed in the way it needs
to, you know, and and these types of
deals, you got to like shatter like
instantaneously shatter these like kind
of bureaucratic almost political
situations that start to develop and
you've got to cut through the noise and
just get back to actually doing the
work. Okay, that's what can happen at
like these larger levels in in in
business. Okay, now this deal was no
different, but you know, technically it
was a lot worse. Okay, 40 different
businesses get bought, 200 staff get
deployed onto these businesses, but
they're also like all working on this
info business somehow. So, all the 12
key players that have never needed any
kind of support staff before and do
everything incredibly well now have
insane levels of complexity to their
life. And the worst part was, and I
don't say this disrespectfully to like
these other people, but it was a matter
of fact, these other 200 people that the
guy hired were so bad, like they were B
and C players, you know, they were not A
players, they were B and C players. They
were just subpar, like, you know,
looking for a paycheck, kind of sitting
back. They didn't like to be judged
based on results. They didn't like to be
pushed. They didn't like to be held
accountable. And that creates an
extremely political environment inside
of a company. Okay? Because what happens
is your A players who solely judge
themselves based on results and momentum
and speed, they all of a sudden have to
clash with people who are attempting
actively to go as slow as they can. And
whether intentional or not, like they're
just way more casual people who don't
judge themselves on outcomes. And you
know, they value like work life balance
and like all these other all these other
things. And uh dude, they they end up
having an HR department that gets
developed and like instantaneously,
dude, there's like so many like dozens
and dozens and dozens of complaints that
just start rolling in of all these A
players against like all these B and C
players. It's like the Navy Seals going
against like a platoon of hundreds of
soldiers, you know? They're just trained
completely differently. They operate
completely differently. And if and when
they have to work together, there's just
completely different expectations of how
they operate and how they behave. So
that that creates a clash. You know what
I mean? So anyway, one by one, dude, one
by one, it was like the saddest thing.
One by one, some of these 12 players
just start to quit. Okay? And even
worse, the the 200 B and C players start
to get thrown into these different
positions. And and it's never
exaggerated when people try to tell you
this, okay? An A player can do the job
of like four to five different B or C
players. So when one of the 12 people
would quit, it's like four or five
different people would go and have to
like fill this department that was
previously handled by one A player. And
it caused even more friction in that
team that was responsible for this
business that we've been talking about.
And it just starts to become hellish,
you know, because every time one of
those A players would leave, there would
just be a fleet of B and C players,
these turds that would get thrown in the
mix of like your operations that you
know, historically have been so
efficient and so lean and like so fast
and and again, you're just exposed even
more to like all that stuff that you
hate as an A player. So, okay, along the
way while that's happening, okay,
remember that second offer I talked
about that was introduced that just
flopped. Obviously, you can't stop there
when you believe your first offer is
going to die even though it's still
printing two to two and a half million a
month and supplementing this entire
thing you've got going on. So, they
bring out a third offer. Okay, the third
offer didn't completely [__] the bed.
The third offer like started off slow.
It got to the point, to be fair, where
it did like all right, it had legs, you
know, it had legs and it was it wasn't
it wasn't doing nearly as much as the
first offer, but again, it wasn't like
awful. Okay, it officially was a
contributor. But at this point, it's
like it could not be maximized to the
degree that it needed to and pushed
because of the bureaucracy. Okay, and I
am not exaggerating why I say this. This
deal became like it went from like
driving a [__] NASCAR or for all the
European people watching this or people
all over the world watching this be like
driving an F1 car and then getting in
like a super shitty like 1980s, you
know, piece of [__] hoopty car. You know
what I mean? It just the speed
differences and like how everything all
of a sudden was was just dramatically
different. The mechanics of the whole
thing just changed. And um dude, these
people like they I I'll give you a
perfect example, right? I remember one
time a guy I just thought it was so dumb
what he chose to do and I just called it
out. I was just like, "Hey, like I think
that makes no sense. That's going to
slow everything down. I don't think that
we should do it that way. I think that
we should try this instead." I get
pulled into HR later and told that I'm
an [__] and being being egotistical
for like holding a guy accountable to
getting things done the way that I
thought they should get done, you know?
And uh I was like, "All right, you know,
like maybe I'm wrong." So So I tried to
start to reform and like, you know,
integrate into this thing that is
[__] happening in front of me. And uh
dude, again, like this entire time, each
one of those 12 people, like at this
point in the story, we're probably down
to like six of the original 12 and then
five and then four. And then it's down
to like the three or four of us that
like honestly like gave it a solid shot
to try to integrate into this whole
thing, thinking maybe we're the ones
that were wrong, you know, and maybe we
didn't know what we were doing, you
know, and maybe this was like the next
evolution and maybe this did make sense
to do and we just didn't know it. and
maybe all this friction and like really
apparent signs and evidence that things
were [__] up and going wrong. Maybe we
were wrong and maybe we were just
interpreting it wrong. And um oh man,
dude, I mean, we were not wrong at all.
We were the farthest thing from wrong.
This deal starts to get to the point
where, you know, obviously the revenue
starts to go down a bit, okay? And
things go so slow. I I just want to take
a moment to pause real quick. A little
traumatizing, okay? Few key lessons
here. Number one, there have been many
instances where I've seen businesses,
they it typically happens when you get
to a couple million dollars a month.
Sometimes you could start to see it
develop when you get to a million a
month. I talk about this very key lesson
generally more from like a personal
development perspective, but it happens
to at these levels. Um, everybody just
kind of has these like dormant
personalities and people within them
that come out circumstantially. Okay, so
as an example, you might have a belief
in your head if you've got no money
currently that rich people are all
[__] And if you coincidentally ever
get rich one day, you'll all of a sudden
just be an [__] and you'll, you know,
not be really self-aware about it
because you had this like subconscious
dormant personality that you've been
developing from movies and shows and,
you know, all these little short form
clips that get thrown at you and
conversation and, you know,
interpretation of different experiences
in your own life and like stories and
hearsay and handydown beliefs that all
of a sudden like morph a character in
your head about how you're supposed to
be in what different circumstances and
conditions. So when these different
conditions and circumstances arise in
your life, you pop, you know, bam,
you're just a new character all of a
sudden. It happens in so many different
circumstances. Like uh you might get fat
enough where you're like, I don't see
myself this way, like somebody who looks
like how I look, they do this, and then
all of a sudden you just kick it into
high gear and start losing weight
rapidly. Um, there's people I've seen
like the exact opposite can be true
where like you drop to a certain body
fat percentage and you get you get fit
enough where bam like all of a sudden
you behave a different way or like all
of a sudden you're extremely confident,
more certain and more capable, you know,
like there there's just so many
different examples I can provide. But
um, in this specific example, this guy
accumulated enough cash in his bank
account and in addition to that was at a
certain amount of cash flow for a
sustained duration of time that that
type of situation happened here. And
I've seen that happen so many times
over. And if you're not self-aware of it
and very intentional about what type of
character you need to be next, uh this
can really damage your business and and
ruin things for you and lose a ton of
money for you more importantly than
anything else. Um you got to really be
careful about the beliefs that you have
about who different people are at
different levels because all of a sudden
when you coincidentally find yourself
there and you're not self-aware that
you're there, you just bam, you're that
new character. So this guy in
particular, like this was probably one
of the craziest like uplo examples of
that. And you know, it's also a great
example of what happens when you try to
get A players to to mix in with B and C
players and like try to force your A
players into like a new culture. You
know, it just it just didn't make any
sense. And they all quit. Literally,
every single one of them quit. I was one
of the last three standing in that deal.
And I didn't quit. I'd actually gotten
pushed out of the deal. I devolved to
the point in my role where I was no
longer the advertiser. They got tired of
paying me as much as they did. and I
transitioned to being a consultant in
the deal and trained my replacement and
then eventually was pushed out of the
account completely. It was crazy. And
again, this is uh really important to
understand. You know, I still have a
great relationship with this guy, but
you know, I I I think the craziest thing
about this whole deal is this guy today,
I mean, give or take the month, like
maybe 400 to like 600k a month in
revenue now. And there were like so many
so many ways to prevent that from
happening and to sustain the level of
revenue that the deal was at. This guy
doesn't even identify that like his
money originated from this. This guy
actually identifies as a a tech
entrepreneur now. And that's where he
like says all of his money came from,
which is really weird, too. I don't
know, man. It was just it was just a
[__] crazy deal. There's a a lot of
lessons about like the mental side of
scaling a business up and how important
it is to maintain like self-awareness
and identity lessons and you know like a
player lessons and like offer lessons
and rather than like just iterating
brand new offers when you're stuck just
iterating funnels and changing
conversion mechanisms and like trying
new ad strategies and um you know a
better use of resources you know and
diversification like there there's just
so many lessons and I talk a lot about
these things at length inside of my
inner circle offer. I'd really encourage
you check out the link in the
description if you haven't done so
already. Um I again at length talk about
this specific case study because it's
such a great set of principles on what
to do and what not to do. So anyway,
just to get back to some of the things
that I also think worked tremendously
well. This was actually really crazy. So
as I mentioned, we were spending about
$700,000 a month, okay, on ad spend
alone. And one of the coolest things
that happened as a result of that u as
an agency there's you know three levels
of reps that you can get access to in
your agency or your business in life
when you're when you're operating on
Facebook specifically which is where all
of that 700k was going out of. Number
one you have the regular super shitty in
most instances. Shout out to the few of
you that might actually be good watching
this because there is a handful of you.
Those marketing reps that rotate between
like 90 and 120 clients a quarter.
They're generally really bad. like they
generally have the worst advice and
don't have a lot of access and like
just, you know, they can't get you cool
beta features or alpha features that are
out. They don't really have like great
support escalation that they can do or
help you with. Uh those are the standard
marketing reps. A level above that is
really good. It's called an industry ad
expert. To my understanding, this
specific rep, the way he articulated
himself to us, he had about 10 to 12
clients max that he was allowed to work
with at the time. They all had to be
spending at least a million a month in
his vertical that he was assigned to.
And above that was called a global ad
partner. That was for the big
corporations like Pepsi, MX, like
companies like that. Um anyway, we got
an industry ad expert assigned to us
because as an agency, when you
accumulated all of our spend that we had
into an amount, you have to spend more
than a million dollars a month for 6
months in a row. So, we had officially
crossed that threshold inside of our
agency accounts and like all the
businesses we had access to. So, we got
assigned this industry ad expert for the
info niche specifically. and this guy.
Uh, we go out to Menllo Park, which is
Facebook's main headquarters out there
south of San Francisco. We land, we take
a helicopter with Blade, straight down
from, uh, Oakland into, uh, the Menllo
Park, like Silicon Valley area. We go
over to Facebook's headquarters. First
of all, total side note, Facebook's
headquarters is [__] sweet. If you
ever get the opportunity to go and like
actually be there, it's so cool, dude.
It's designed by Walt Disney's theme
park designers. Um, it's a literal
campus. It has great walking trails. Fun
fact, they have that little like fox
logo if you ever see it here and there
because there's like lots of foxes that
are on their property. It's actually
really crazy. Um, the security is
extreme. Like obviously you're not going
to go there and just walk around without
a very specific pass that you walk
around and wear on your neck or your
waist or something like that. We go to
Facebook's headquarters. We sit down for
a [__] incredible lunch. They have
all these free restaurants. We had
barbecue that day in particular. They
have a full arcade, too, by the way. If
you guys ever go or you've ever been,
tell me how [__] sweet that arcade
is, dude. It's so fun. So anyway, we go
to this room uh little conference room
with a whiteboard and our rep at the
time, he sits us down and he tells us um
all the things that we could do to
improve. Okay? And one of the main
things that he told us, cuz keep in mind
this campaign type that we were running,
the main thing that we were actually
optimizing around was purchases inside
of the webinar itself. And we would just
have a delayed data attribution model
for about twoish weeks. And that was
working really well for us. But he gave
us this concept which I teach inside of
my master internet marketing program. I
also teach it in my inner circle offer
at length called cyclic campaigns. And
he essentially said, "Look, you guys are
optimizing for the furthest down the
think funnel. You could strategically
optimize around the things that are just
levels above that for standard events
and you can get an exceptionally better
result and that in itself could be a
great scaling strategy for you." And he
explains the whole concept of it. And
dude, he not only told us that, he told
us one of the craziest statistics I've
ever heard about a client. Okay, so out
of this 700k a month, I was ripping
about 200k of that on content. Okay, now
a lot of advertisers who have no idea
what the [__] they're doing like to rip
on content and act like it doesn't make
a difference cuz it's not a direct
response objective. You know, some
people will hear that and they'll think
$200,000 a month on content. Are you
[__] dumb? And I think the opposite.
I think it's actually super silly. You
guys don't justify a higher content
distribution budget, especially when
you're at scale. Keep in mind, this
account wasn't one of those little
[__] small fry accounts that most of
the advertisers who [__] at me about
this work on. This was a mass market
account. I was turning nurses and like
Uber drivers and like people who were
going to college who would drop out to
become this that we were teaching people
about. Okay, this was serious like mass
market content distribution that was
actively selling people and handing
beliefs to people to think with and to
inherit as their own to become a higher
probability customer for us to convert
and help improve their life. Okay? And
content does a huge part of that when it
comes to the heavy lifting. Content is
also extremely [__] cheap to
distribute. And we're talking like 2019,
2020 time frame now in terms of where
we're at in the deal with this level of
spend. Okay? More likely 2020, by the
way, in terms of time frame. We get to
the point where this guy, our industry
ad expert, tells us out of the total
quantity of impressions available on the
platform for personal development, okay?
any singular personal development piece
of content that existed that could
target somebody, we were onethird of
every possible impression that was being
served to people. Okay? And just to
quantify that for you so you understand
it a little better, on a monthby-month
basis, we would either be just shy or
just over a 100red million impressions.
We took this guy to a literal household
name with about 200k a month in content.
It fed the organic like no other. We
would I can't tell you the exact amount
of subscribers the guy has on YouTube
because again I'm trying not to like
give enough data for you guys to go out
there and [__] fish information and
figure out who it is so I can, you know,
make a video like this for you guys. But
I'll tell you what, dude. We we took
this guy to a couple million
subscribers, couple million followers
here, a couple million followers there,
just splashing a couple million
followers on every channel. It's so hard
to comprehend, okay, the scale that we
were operating at with the quantity of
people reached within a 30-day cycle,
within a quarterly cycle, okay? And we
weren't just targeting singular
countries, obviously, to reach that
level of impressions and volume, you
know, we were targeting all of the top
first world countries that we could. and
uh converting customers internationally.
You know, this this was a crazy
operation. And uh like I'll give you a
perfect example. I remember we were in
Texas, okay? And I won't tell you the
ethnicity of this dude because it'll
give it away straight away, but he
doesn't look like he's from Texas, okay?
And we're there for an event with Keith
Cunningham. Keith Cunningham, one of my
favorite books for business people, The
Road Less Stupid. And we're there for an
event called uh Keys to the Vault. And
we we had a hotel literally right next
door to the hotel that we were going to.
It was not even one block of a walk. It
was a literal half a block. Like it'd be
like the hotel was here and the other
hotel was across the street on the other
corner. Just trying to leave the hotel
in Texas where this guy's not from No,
not even remotely close. Looks like he's
from here. We had three people in the
hotel stop us. We had two people in the
street stop us. When we got to the other
hotel, we had one person stop us. This
was insane. Like again the level of
awareness that just the general public
had for this guy. And I remember in
particular there was uh you know all
those people who just think courses are
a [__] scam. Um there's whole
channels dedicated and pages dedicated
to just essentially course haters. And
we've talked at length by the way on a
video dedicated to propaganda where no
matter where you're at, doesn't matter
who you are, doesn't matter what you're
talking about, there's always going to
be a percentage of people who are super
sold just like I am. Like I deeply
believe that courses and books and
mentorship and education and I know it
sounds biased because I have an
education company myself and I'm not
trying to give biased advice. I'm trying
to articulate my position on where I
stand to help you understand this
lesson. I'm trying to hand down. I am in
the bucket of people who are super
[__] sold on how helpful like books,
events, courses, mentors, like that kind
of stuff is paying for advice. Okay.
However, on the opposite end of the
spectrum, there exists an equally big or
sometimes smaller or sometimes bigger
group of people that just absolutely
[__] hate courses and books and
mentors and they think that it's a
literal scam. No matter what, no matter
how helpful it is, no matter how many
people they've helped, no matter what
the results are, they don't care. Just
as I technically don't care. Like, yeah,
there's actual scammers. There's actual
people who like are legitimately out to
[__] you when they create a course.
Okay? And I'm not talking about those
people when I'm talking about how
convicted I am of how helpful those kind
of things can be. Those people are
obviously [__] dog [__] people and
shouldn't exist. Those are unethical
people. But that's the thing that the
people who think courses and stuff like
that are a scam. That's all they think.
That's how they think people like me
are. You know, they think, "Oh, dude,
you sell a course like you're only fans
girl but a guy." You know, it's like,
you get what I mean? So anyway, that
demographic of people at this scale,
right? And then there's this group of
people in the middle. The group of
people in the middle are like very
persuadable, very open to having one
belief or the other. These are like the
swing voters. These are the people that
you can target and convert into one side
or the other. Now, I just want you to
remember the statistic of 100 million
people. Okay? Out of that 100 million
people that actively are aware of this,
there's a great website. It's a it's a
crowd visualization website. And when
you look this up, uh, crowd visualizer,
um, one of the biggest crowds that they
visualize is, um, in the Michigan
University, Michigan Wolverines, they
show this image here where it's 100,000
people. Now, just to put it in
perspective, right, if if you look at
this as an example, this is 180,000
people at the Texas Motor Speedway. This
one, for some reason, just hits harder
and it's also a relatively even number.
Let's just let's just take that number
real quick and try to demonstrate for
you so you understand how truly crazy
this number is. Okay, so if we take a
hundred million, okay, 100 million and
we just divide it by a 100,000. That way
we can try to get like a general
understanding of how many stadiums full
of people this is that we're aware of
this guy every month. That's a thousand
packed full every single [__] seat
filled stadium of people that are just
imagine like in the center of this
stadium a thousand times over that there
are people just watching your piece of
content or watching your video or
watching your ad or just aware of who
you are. Okay, the scale is insane to
comprehend. Even me putting it this way
with a visual, you're still not really
getting it. Okay, notice how you're
trying, but like you think you might try
to convince yourself you get it, but
it's hard to get because it's
incomprehensible. We've never seen
anything like that. It's hard to
visualize. So anyway, now out of those
thousand stadiums full of 100,000
people, let's just put it like this. How
would you feel or how would you behave
or how would you react if you stood in
the middle of one stadium full of a
100,000 people that [__] hate you and
think you are a scammer, think you're a
piece of [__] Like just again, they
just think you're unethical for doing
what you do. They no matter what you
say, keep in mind what I talked about.
No matter what you do, no matter what
you say, they don't give a [__] They
just by default think you're that way.
It's like, okay, that's crazy to
consider, but that's only 100,000
people. Okay, out of 100 million
impressions, what do you think the
percentage was that were in that bucket?
What if it was like 5 million people?
How loud do you think 5 million people
can be that just absolutely [__] hate
you? So, anyway, I remember at one point
this guy gets a video made about him
from, it was actually a past student of
his. This guy could have made the
simplest video ever to help articulate
this level of understanding. Okay? So,
he had a total of
15,000 students, okay? And it might be
more, I'm not sure. At the time, it was
15,000. Okay? There were a total at the
end of this whole thing that I'm about
to articulate of roughly 10, okay? That
came out in a video and said, "Hey, like
I didn't like my experience. You know, I
spent x amount of thousands of dollars
and like I think I got scammed." Okay?
Now, this client could have done the
easiest thing and just helped people
understand like the scale. We had we had
infinite data to support every statistic
and metric that I'm sitting here talking
to you about. And instead, the guy just
like casually let it go and just said,
"No, I don't think we need to address
that. It doesn't matter." So, this video
ends up getting like a million views.
Okay? Now, a million views out of 100
million monthly impressions is literally
[__] nothing. It's a fart in the
wind. Doesn't matter at all. Okay? But
to the average person who has no idea of
the scale that this guy's operating at,
it looks insane because again, a million
people is a lot of [__] people. And a
million people is far easier to
comprehend than the actual scale that
this person was operating at. So anyway,
$200,000 a month in content creates a
household name is the main lesson I want
to hand down to you. $200,000 a month
creates like president levels of
awareness. Okay? Like it is extreme the
level of awareness you create when you
spend that amount of money on content
distribution. It's insane what you get
as an outcome even if you just spend all
$700,000 on direct response ads at that
level. Okay? And the content turns into
more money. It absolutely does. And it
creates a huge remarketing bucket for
you to be able to retarget to. And if
you use one of my strategies, especially
at a scale like that, uh one of my
content marketing strategies that I
consistently talk about, you can get a
lot of great benefits and outcomes from
it. And we were doing that. We were
seeing those results. So anyway, we had
10 people that just will essentially
just say bad results, okay? And so many
things could have been done. Could have
just been refund them, make a response
video, like it could have been so many
things, okay? Instead, the guy just
ignores it. It's like, let me give you a
perfect example of this, okay? Let alone
the million people divided by the 100
million people, how small that truly is.
Just take the 10 angry people and divide
it by 15,000 people. Okay? That
statistic is 0.06% 06% of people that
came out and made a video as unhappy.
What if the total quantity of unhappy
people was 1%. Okay, that still means
99% of people were happy getting the
results that they wanted, having a good
experience with the product. But this is
really important to understand. Majority
of the people who are going to buy
stuff, they're just going to remain
pretty neutral. Whether they get a good
result, a bad result, no result, they're
just going to relatively stay quiet. You
have a bunch of people that are going to
say great things and you have a bunch of
people that are going to say bad things.
And here's the thing, usually the great
people, like you don't go to a review
platform and read all the fivestar
reviews. Generally, you go and look at
the one-star reviews and you try to get
an idea of how [__] you could get. And
when that kind of stuff is left
unressed, you know, you just kind of get
a demise where you all of a sudden go
from two and a half million and just,
you know, just go straight down. When
you add it with all that chaos that I
articulated, with the crazy amount of B
and C players that were hired, all the A
players quitting, the crazy beliefs
that, okay, hey, this main thing that's
making us 2 million plus a month right
now is no longer going to work. Let's
try to diversify and instead of
improving literally anything or trying a
different funnel, let's just abandon it
completely and do something else.
Anyway,
um, yeah, I mean, it was a great deal
for a few years, you know, everybody
made a lot of money. helped a lot of
people and uh at the very least learned
a ton of lessons. No doubt about that.
Learned a ton of lessons. So hopefully
you don't have to learn these kind of
things the hard way when you're scaling
up to uh whatever level your goals are
or you're trying to hit the big million
dollar months and you eventually get
there. One of the most brutally honest
lessons that is uh relatively hard to
understand, but that's the thing about
making a lot of money. you deal with
more sophisticated problems and you got
to be prepared to deal with them is that
mental like self-identity lesson that I
peppered in there in the middle of all
of that. Don't neglect that lesson at
all. It is profound of how often you can
see it. The other main thing that I
would encourage out of all this that you
walk away with is the speed in which an
organization moves. The beliefs that an
organization holds drive the behavior
more than a lot of the other stuff. Just
stay in action. Don't get caught up
thinking communication is progress.
Okay? Communication is rarely progress.
The action is where progress is made.
The action and in the trenches is where
you want to stay. Do not get caught up
thinking that you are making progress by
communicating. Okay, that's all I got
for you. Hope this video was great.
Hopefully, you don't go through
something as traumatizing as what I did
in this deal. And I just want to give,
you know, this deal some props. I mean,
at the end of the day, this is, you
know, just something that was new to
every single person on this account.
Nobody had ever really gone through that
kind of situation before. And, um, I do
attest to the fact that I do think
everybody, you know, even even though
through all like the chaos of the deal,
did a a very impressive job trying to
hold it together and, um, working with
the conditions and variables at hand.
And, uh, ultimately, it was, you know, a
really positive impact that this person
had on the world. And, um, yeah, I mean,
I'm I'm glad I got to participate and I
think it was awesome. So anyway, go
enjoy some of my other videos, get
richer, talk soon.